---
layout: post
title: Week 2
---

## Code of conduct activity 

# Part 1

<p> Since online communities include people from many differeent background, it is important to have a code of conduct which specifies a baseline standard of behaviors. One benefit of having such document is to provide guidelines for resolving conflicts arisen from opposite opinions. With the help of a code of conduct, a healthy virual environment that values differeent thoughts can be fostered. As a result, I think the other projects will also benefit from having a code of conduct as it does not only serve as a starting guide for beginners but also sets the rules for the whole community.
</p>

<!--more-->

Two differences between the two code of conduct documents:
* The contributor covenant has an enforcement section, whereas the code of conduct document for Go project does not. However, Go project doesn't omit information in the enforcement section. Instead, they adpats and includes it in the conflict resolution section. I think it might because Go project doesn't like the word "enforcement" since it sounds pretty hierarchical. 

* The code of conduct documet for Go project has a section called Gopher values. I really love the name because it provides a sense of community. Different from the contributor covenant, this section is specific to Go project and thus very detailed. It also highlights the core values of Go project.


<p>The code of conduct for Eclipse is here: https://www.eclipse.org/org/documents/Community_Code_of_Conduct.php
One difference between these two documents is that the code of conduct for Go project is more detailed in terms of delivering organizational core values. Just like I mentioned previously, Go project has a separate section called Gophers values which lists the community's beliefs. Additionally, I feel like the code of conduct for Eclipse is written in a more hierarchical manner. For example, the document contains different positions, such as community members, contributors, committers and project leader, whereas the code of conduct for Go project views every memeber equally as a contributor/maintainer. 
</p>


# Part 2

<p> I think the code of conduct for the Sugar Labs project is based on another code of conduct. First, the structure is very different from the ones that we read for Go project and Eclipse. Instead of having sections that outline scope, responsibilities and conflict resolutions, the document for the Sugar Labs focuses more on delivering its community values - there is a detailed explaination of each value.
As for the similarity, both documents have introductory paragraphs which provides readers with background information of the project. I really like how Sugar Labs discussed the origin of its name at the very beginning. 
</p>

# Part 3
<p> I found the code of conduct for Python. The link is here: https://www.python.org/psf/conduct/
I think this document is very similar to the one for Eclipse because it does not only focus on delivering the shared community values, but also outlining the guidelines for resolving conficts. Thus, this code of conduct might be adapted from the contributor covenant as well. One thing I found very interesting about this document is that it has a section called weaponns policy, which specifies that no weapons are allowed at Python Software Foundation. The code of conduct documents for Go project and the Sugars Labs don't have these sections. It might be because that Go project and the Sugars Labs have never organized any big in-person events. 
</p>

## Reflection on the add-on activity
<p>I really like the add-on acitvity. First, the guidelines were pretty easy to follow. Since I didn't have any experience of working with browser extensions, I felt very accomplished after creating my first extension. Additionally, I really like my teammates. Michelle and Aashish were every helpful for the whole time. When I got stuck in part 2, they helped me figure out the mistake that I made. This group experience was pretty enjoyable! 
</p>