---
layout: post
title: "Week 7: Guest Speaker and the Open Source Group Project"
---

<h2> Reflection on the Guest Speaker's Talk </h2>

<p> This Thursday, Tom Callaway revealed his journey as an open source evangelist at Amazon. From his talk, I started to know more about the role which open source played in our society. <!--more--></p>

<p> One thing that really impressed me in Tom's talk was his mindset when he decided to switch from Red Hat to Amazon. Working at Red Hat for more than ten years, Tom became familar with the tasks and the environment. As a result, he decided to look for new opportunites which could chanllege himself. After talking to Amazon, Tom realized that he should grab this opportunity. I was actually very touched when he said that the reason why he wanted to work in the open source team at Amazon was because he wanted to do something good in the name of Amazon. Even though Amazon is a profit-orientated company, Tom wished that what he did for open source could make a positive impact and changed people's views on Amazon.</p>

<p> Another useful point which Tom talked about was his advice for beginners who were new to the open source community. He adviced beginners that they should not "write clever". Instead, beginners should follow the project guidlines and read the documentations carefully. I would definitely take this advice to heart as I started my group open source project. Additionally, Tom said that beginners should tolerate ourselves and others when it came to group project. Every person had their own pace and was familar with different coding languages. Therefore, we should be patient with our teammates and help each other as much as possible. Open source project should not be and is not supposed to be an individual work. </p>

<h2> The Open Source Group Project </h2>

<p> On Tuesday class, Michelle, Crystal and I decided the open source project that we wanted to contribute on, which was the Open Library. We took a look at its Github page and found that it was a very active community. Additionally, there were some issues who were labeled as "good first issues", which made it easier for us to pick and resolve. </p>

<p> Our group had our first meeting on this Saturday. In the meeting, we filled out a google form, which specified what kinds of contributions we wanted to make for the Open Library. Additionally, we set up the environment for running the program. I look forward to seeing what kinds of contributions we are going to make in the future as a group! </p>