---
layout: post
title: "Week 6: Reflection on Chrispher Snider's Talk & The Role of Open Efforts"
---

<h2> Reflection on Chrispher Snider's Talk </h2>

<p> Last Tuesday, Chrispher Snider, the community and clinic success manager of Tidepool, gave us a talk on how their open source project was used in the diabetes online community. His talk was very inspirational because I learned how open source projects made diabetes data more accessible, actionable, and meaningful. <!--more--></p>

<p> I think the most impressive point that Chrispher made was that Tidepool behaved like a community for people who were diagnosed with diabetes instead of a normal open source project. With a significant amount of data in the library, people could look up each other's medical history. This was very helpful, especially for those who could not afford to see a doctor. </p>

<p> One thing that I wish Chrispher could spend more time on was the measures that Tidepool took to prevent security flaws because all these medical data were considered as patients' privacy. However, since Chrispher was not from a technical background, he did not go deep enough in terms of the technology which Tidepool employed. However, this talk was very informative, and I was able to know more about how open source projects could benefit different kinds of communities. </p>


<h2> The Role of Open Efforts Plays in The Community </h2>

<p> Last Thursday, our class had a discussion on the role open efforts played in the community. Two points from the discussion impressed me significantly. </p>

<p> The first point was whether the food computer could initiative educating the youth about agriculture. Even though the instructions for setting up a food computer were available on Github, people argued that spending money on the equipment was a waster. However, I thought that the idea of food computers was fantastic because it provided the younger generation with an opportunity to interact with agriculture. Most importantly, since agriculture was such a huge topic that the entire globe was working on, the open efforts were indeed very necessary. As a result, if food computers could attract more people to join, that meant something in terms of the progress in agriculture. </p>

<p> The second point was the open-source project in education. I really like the idea of making textbooks online. I think it is very environmentally friendly. Additionally, since everything is in a digital form, it would be easy for editors to add or remove the contents of textbooks. </p>

