---
layout: post
title: "Week 3: Git Activity & Meeting with Jim Hall"
---

## Git Activity

<p> In this week's Tuesday class, our class went over a git activity. It was a very fun expereince. Even though I had used git in my previous classes, I didn't really know the exact meanings of some git command lines, such as git branch and git pull. I basically just followed what the other people did and memorized the steps. 

<!--more-->

Before the first class of this course, I was having trouble with pushing my files to the repository. The reason was because I used HTTPS instead of SSH so that I kept getting the "authentication needed" message. I was happy that Joanna pointed that out in class that it was considered more sercure to use SSH than HTTPS.

I hope that as this course progresses, I will get more familared with using git through practices!

</p>

## Meeting with Jim Hall

<p> Jim Hall is an open source software advocate and developer. Our class was fortunate to have him as the guest speaker for this week. In his talk, Mr.Hall discussed the development of FreeDOS and his experience with open source. I think Mr.Hall is so down-to-earth cosidering the accomplishments that he has made. He encouraged us to ask questions and was very willing to share his experience. One thing that I found interesting was that when someone asked if Mr.Hall found the open source contribution became more global as time progressed, Mr.Hall said that open source contribution had always been global. He actually didn't find any difference between the past and now. I was in fact very happy to hear that how people around the world always came together, then and now, to make the open source community better. 
</p>
