---
layout: post
title: "Week 1: My Experience with Open Source"
---

## My Impression of Open Source

<p>When I first heard about the term "open source", I thought it referred to something which was publicly accessible. As a result, everyone was able to modify it. After the first week of class, I now view this term as a broader set of values, such as collaborative participation and community-oriented development. Comparing to closed source, open source provides more flexibility. For example, an open source software can be scaled according to different needs. Additionally, open source is more reliable. Since anyone can access the code and fix a bug, there is a continuous improvement. However, oepn source certainly has disadvantages. Like someone mentioned in class before, there is no private interest in open source at all. Moreover, not all the open source applications are easy to understand and use. 
</p>

<!--more-->

## Why Open Source

<p> I decided to take this course because I believe that it will enhance both of my coding and cooperation skills. Among all the CS course that I took before, I never have a chance to collaborate with my classmates and write a project together. However, I think it is very important to have this kind of group work experience before actually working in the industry. Additionally, this course is very independent. Students have the freedom to decide their project topics. I am very excited to explore different ideas with my classmates and find out the one that I will be interested in.
</p>

## Projects
* Wikipedia: I use Wikipedia every time when I encounter a term that I don't know. However, I am warned by people that Wikipedia is not very academic, and some information on Wikipedia can be wrong.
* Python: I use Python since my first day of programming. It is my favorite coding language. 
* Visual Studio Code: I really like the design of Visual Studio Code. I think it is very easy for begineers to navigate. I also like the fact that it provides a command line interface. 
* Chromium: I use chromium-based browser everyday, like Google Chrome.