---
layout: post
title: "Week 10: Open Source Business Model & Group Project"
---

<h2> Reflection on Open Source Business Model </h2>

<p> On last Tuesday, our class discussed about the open source business model. Before having the class, I did wonder how open source project could have a substantial growth without making any profits. After the lecture, I think my question was somewhat answered by getting to know more about the business models built around open source projects. <!--more--></p>

<p> There were four open source business models which could be considered as successful - they were supportive and services, advertisement partnerships, paid additional features, and software-as-a-serive. Among these four business models, I was most familiar with supportive and services. Like what professor Joanna does every year, I donate some money to open source project like Wikipedia because I really want the website to continue growing. As a result, I would love to contribute at least something to help it maintain its business. </p>

<p> We also watched the talk hosted by Gitlab CEO and OSS Capital founder Joseph Jacks. From their talk, my original impressioin of open source changed. I used to think that open source was mainly for good and no profit could be made. However, there is definitely a room to make profits, and it's a hidden business world out there for people to discover. </p>

<h2> Group Project </h2>

<p> This week we made a really big progress on our group project. We successfully contacted Mek, the program led of OpenLibrary about the contributions we wanted to make in the community. Fortunately, Mek helped us step-by-step and gave us an introduction video to watch. </p>

<p> In our group meeting, we watched the one-hour introduction video together. The video clearly explained how to contribute to the OpennLibrary website by using our local computers. In the remaining time of the meeting, we identified the tasks we wanted to achieve. I was mainly focusing on translating the README.md and CONTRIBUTING.md to Chinese because OpenLibrary looked for volunteers to finish this task. </p>

<p> Next week, Michelle is going to represent our group to attend the weekly community meeting hosted by OpenLibrary. I am very excited to see what Michelle would bring back, and I look forward to starting my contribution soon! </p>