---
layout: post
title: "Week 10: Reflections on the Videos & Group Project"
---

<h2> Reflection on the Videos </h2>

<p> The videos that were assignned this week enabled me to get a deeper understanding of open source projects and related business models. After watching those videos, I realized that open source is not necessarily unprofitable. Instead, there is a whole business world if you want to work in the open source area. <!--more--></p>

<p> Speaking of the business models related to open source, I think Dave Neary provided a clear and detailed explaination in his videos. First, he admitted that comments about whether open source was viable was very polarized. However, he pointed that the values which open source delivered was very critical in building a sustainable community. Indeed, one of the speakers agreed by stating if we could build connect and communit by helping other people, we would soon gather momentum that returned energy back to us in the form of knowledge, network, or whatever that we needed to build a business. </p>

<p> Additionally, I knew more about the idea of inner source after watching those videos. Inner source described the practice of adopting open source principles and methods inside organizations. Before watching the video, I was wondering whether inner source would be effective. More specifically, would organizations adopt inner source but never return something back to the open source community? However, the speaker answered by question by stating that this kind of worry was unnecessary. She said that once organizations learnt to collaborate, they started to get more ideas about open source projects and started contributing back to the community. </p>

<h2> Group Project </h2>

<p> This week we each worked on our separate issues. More specifically, Crystal was shooting to submit a PR by this coming Tuesday, and I planned to submit a PR by this coming Friday. I think our team was very productive, and our comminucations were very smooth. In addition to our individual work, we worked together and finished the presentation for this week's class in our group meeting this Saturday! </p>

