---
layout: post
title: "Week 7: Reflection on the reading and class discussion"
---

<h2> Reflection on The Cathedral and The Bazaar </h2>

<p> In the Cathedral and The Bazaar, I got to know two completely different software development models. The Cathedral model restricted code to an exclusive group, whereas the Bazaar model provided for the public with the code. In Raymond's opinions, the Bazaar model served the users better because it could fufill their needs more flexiblely. <!--more--></p>

<p> However, I did not think one deveopment model was better than the other because both of them had their own unique advantages. For example, the Cathedral development model definitely involved of less chaotic communications since only a few people had access to the code. As for the Bazaar model, it was more efficient to fix bugs and come out with new features under more developers' efforts. As a result, I viewed these two models had a coexistent relationship.</p>


<h2> Reflection on Class Discussion </h2>

<p> In the class discussion, we talked about some of the lessons for creating good open source software that were mentioned in The Cathedral and The Bazaar reading. One lesson which really impressed me was the "plan to throw one [version] away; you will, anyhow". Based on my previous coding experience, I really agree with this lesson. For example, there are so many ways to write a program in order to fullfill a function. The first version which a developer wrote might not be the most ideal one. Therefore, he/she might throw over the first version, and try to come out the second, the third, or even more version in order to achieve the best result. </p>

<p> I also remembered there was a girl saying that her writing professor told her to keep throwing the old version of her essay away. Her writings could only improve after she threw out all of her old writing styles and ideas. This was an interesting sharing because it showed that the underlying message of each subject field was kind of the same. </p>

<h2> The Role of Open Source in Global Affairs</h2>

<p> In the class discussion, we talked about what kinds of impacts that open source could have on the Russion invasion of Ukraine. I think open source definitely plays a vital role in global affairs. For example, for global questions like agriculture, education, and health, open source can provide with more solutions because it gathers wisdom from all over the world. If more people take part in the project, more ideas will come out, and eventually the problems will be solved. </p>

<p> However, in terms of political events, I think open source projects have to be neutral in order to prevent fights. Since everyone has thier own unique political belief, all we can do is to show our respect and try to understand each other. Since open source is not a political battlefield, every participant in the open source project has to remain calm and neutral. </p>

<h2> Thoughts on Project Selection</h2>

<p> After completing the taking stock activity, I identified two goals which I wanted to achieve after the project. The first one was that I really wanted to practice JavaScript and HTML. I didn't have a chance to take a course that was taught in these two languages before. However, I did think it was very important to master these languages because these two languagese were the foundation of website design. Second, I wanted to contribute to a project that was for social good, especically in the area of education, agriculture, or health. </p>
<p> When I was browsing on the Internet, it took me a long time to select the open source project that I want to and am also capable of contributing. It was very difficult to find a project that both matched my interests and had the right difficulty level. However, I look forward to starting my open source project contribution. I am very sure that I can learn new things and improve my skills as a developer even if the contribution is small. </p>>

