---
layout: post
title: "Week 13: Guest Speaker & Presentation"
---

<h2> Guest Speaker </h2>

<p> Earlier this week, Riju came to our class and talked about her journey in the open source field. I think her talk was very informative since she's also a student as us so her advice was very applicable. <!--more--></p>

<p> I was very impressed that Riju started to contribute to open source projects when she was a freshman in college. I remembered she said that she got to know all the good open source projects and people in the field by going to different conferences. Her experience really inspired me. I have only been to a few CS conferences during my undergraduate period. As I start my graduate studies in the fall, I look forward to participating in some conferences like Riju did and got myself exposed to all the opportunities out there. </p>

<p> I was very resonated with one point that Riji made about the open source project, which was to put in as much as effort you could if you wanted to make an impact in the community. In order to let the open source community recognize you, you really have to advocate yourself and keep reaching out to people, even during the time when you don't hear back. </p>

<h2> Presentation </h2>

<p> Our group presented this week along with the group CAGOV and one of the Oppia groups. I think all the presentations were very informative, and it was clear that every individual had contributed a lot to the open source community during the second half of the semester. </p>

<p> Speaking of the other groups which presented, I really enjoyed both of them! I like how team CAGOV had a few interactive questions at the beginning of the presentation. I think this was a good way for adding some dynamics in the classroom. Additionally, I think their team maintained a very good relationship with the officers of the CAGOV, and the officers gave the team freedom to design the website/user interface! </p>

<p> I was also very impressed by the work of team Oppia. It was definitely very hard for them to make a contribution since Oppia was too large and its databases were sure very difficult. However, they were still able to commit some changes even when they couldn't reach out to the organizers of Oppia. </p>