---
layout: post
title: "Week 4: Browser Extension"
---

## Color Me Valentined
<p> Our team develoepd an add-on project called Color Me Valentined, which would change the browser background color accordingly to the user's mood. This brilliant idea came from my teammates, and I did think it was fun to develop a brower that could reflect the user's emotions. Actually, before our team came up with Color Me Valentied, we had a hard time deciding what we should do. We had two thoughts of this project - one was an ad-block and the other was an extension like Google wordle. However. we gave up in the end because they were too complicated and would require a large amount of time. In the future, I look forward to working on our original idea because i think it will be an interesting exploration. 
</p>

<!--more-->

## My Contribution
<p> In my team, I was responsible of writing CONTRIBUTION.md and CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md. It was a very fun but challenging task because my native language was not English. Therefore, writitng CONTRIBUTION.md and CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md was not very easy as I tried to convey our thoughts as a team as clearly as possible. Therefore, I searched a lot of templates and see how the other people would write these two documents. My teammates helped me a lot in the process by proofreading my writings as well as adding addtional information.
</p>

## Things I Learned 
<p> I definitely familiarized myself with Github more through this group activity. I learnt how a team cooperated and accomplished a task on Github. Additionally, I realized there was a "discussion" section in which the project members could communicate on Github. It was such a surprise for me because I didn't know this function before. Also, this group experience enabled me to improve my communication and cooperation skills. Actually, this was my first Computer Science group project, but I had such a positive experience. My teammates were both very friendly and helpful. They never hesitated to help me when I encountered difficulties. I was very fortunate to have them as my teammates!
</p>

## Other Teams' Projects
<p> To be honest, I love all of the other groups' projects. Through their presentations, I could clearly see the efforts that each team had put in. However, if I have to pick a favorite one, it would be YouTubeEX developed by team 6. It was because our team orginally wanted to develop a blocking extension that was similar to YouTubeEX, but we gave it up and decided to do something else. Therefore, it was very exciting to see another team accomplishing our orginial plan. Addtionally, I would love to add more features on YoutubeEX in the future. 
</p>