---
layout: post
title: "Week 5: Project Evaluation & Reflection on Videos"
---

<h2> Project Evaluation </h2>

<p> In the project evaluation activity on Tuesday, I was fortunate enough to work with Christian on an open source project called MuseScore. It was a very pleasant experience because our group was very interactive and collaborative. To be honest, I didn't know anything about MuseScore before. However, this activity provided me with an opportunity to evaluate this project in depth. More specifically, MuseScore was an very organized open source project designed for music lovers. Users were able to create, play back, and print sheet music on that platform. <!--more--> </p>
<p> Overall, this open source project was very easy to navigate. It had a wiki page which contained step-by-step contributing instructions for people who were new to the community. Even if a person did not know anything about coding, he/she could still contribute to MuseScore by helping with translations. The whole community was very active. They used Discord to communicate, and commits were made frequently on Github.</p>
<p> One thing that I found very surprsing was that this project didn't have Code of Conduct. I was very shocked because I thought Code of Conduct was such an essential document to have for any open source project. I presented this finding in our class discussion. However, our project was not the only one that didn't have Code of Conduct. I remembered there was another group in our class whose project didn't have Code of Conduct either. </p>
<p> Personally, I wouldn't select MuseScore for contribution. It was not because that this project didn't have a friendly community or unclear contributing instructions. Instead, it was mainly because that I was not very interested in creating music. Looking ahead to the rest of the semester, I will keep searching for the open source projects which I will be interested in contributing. </p>


<h2> Reflection on Videos </h2>
<p> One video that really stood out to me was the "Healthcare Made Human". It enabled me to learn about how an open source project could be applicable in the US healthcare system. Before watching this video, I didn't know that it was inconvenient for patients to access data before the Cures Act. Therefore, I think OpenNote really benefited patients in terms of gaining more openness and transparancy in healthcare system. </p>
<p> Another video which I enjoyed was the Food Computer. After watching this video, I would love to build one at home since the building instructions were available on Github. I actually glanced at those instructions and found out that it only took around $300 dollars to build a food computer. </p>
<p> After watching these videos, I was more aware of the fact that open source projects could be involved in various industries. Most imporantly, it could be very meaningful in terms of making a contribution to the whole society. </p>